Just a Small Typo fix (#13)
project-error/projecterror.dev: docs/npwd/start/Install.md

### Setting up Discord Log Integration

> NPWD can integrate with Discord to log certain actions. As of release v1.0.3, the only use case is to log reported tweets and marketplace listings. This requires a web hook to be setup and the following convar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NPWD can integrate with Discord to log certain actions. As of release v1.0.3, the only use case is to log reported tweets and marketplace listings. This requires a webhook to be setup and the following convar
```
